
Commands available:

help
	Description: displays this help message.

	Options: None

exit
	Description: quits the program.

	Options: None

list
	Description: lists all valid themes and tags.

	Options: None

rebuild
	Description: use only in case of catastrophic data error.
	Program will regather raw data from the Web from which to
	rebuild database.  Program will then rebuild database.

	Options: None

size
	Description: displays a line graph plotting all LEGO sets,
	with number of pieces on the x-axis and price per piece
	on the y-axis.

	Options: None

theme
	Description: displays a variety of graphs comparing
	information abouts sets in different themes. Unless user
	specifies certain themes to compare, the program will
	plot a bar graph comparing the specified piece of information
	across all themes. Each option should be separated with a
	pipe character ("|").

	Options (must choose exactly one):

	* price: plots average price of sets in theme on y-axis, all
	different themes on x-axis.

	* priceper: plots average price per piece of sets in theme
	on y-axis, all different themes on x-axis.
	
	* pieces: plots average number of pieces in sets in theme
	on y-axis, all different themes on x-axis.
	
	* number: plots number of sets in theme on y-axis, all
	different themes on x-axis.
	
	* themes: allows user to choose one or more specific themes
	to graph. This option should use the following format:
	"themes=star wars,the lego batman movie,mindstorms". This
	option displays a line graph with price per piece on the y-axis
	and number of pieces in set on the x-axis; each different theme
	will have a different-colored line.

tag
	Description: displays a variety of graphs comparing
	information abouts sets with different tags. Unless user
	specifies certain tags to compare, the program will	plot a
	bar graph comparing the specified piece of information across
	all tags. Each option should be separated with a pipe
	character ("|").

	Options (must choose exactly one):

	* price: plots average price of sets with tag on y-axis, all
	different tags on x-axis.

	* priceper: plots average price per piece of sets with tag
	on y-axis, all different tags on x-axis.
	
	* pieces: plots average number of pieces in sets with tag on
	y-axis, all different tags on x-axis.
	
	* number: plots number of sets with tag on y-axis, all
	different tags on x-axis.
	
	* tags: allows user to choose one or more specific tags
	to graph. This option should use the following format:
	"tags=buildings,nexo knights,seasonal". This option displays
	a line graph with price per piece on the y-axis and number
	of pieces in set on the x-axis; each different tag will have
	a different-colored line.